Welcome to Papnica,
King Romos.
Princess Leona! This summit
was an excellent idea.
Wait, that's...
Crocodine, he is...
I see. This one is a
friend of Dai's now, is he?
Yes, that's right.
King Romos! Your Majesty!
Look! The Crown of Champions.
Can we turn this into a weapon?
We need to make a sword
out of Orichalcum.
That crown already
belongs to you.
And why should I stand
in the way of the Hero
and his quest to bring peace
to all of the kingdoms?
Your highness - thank you!
Soldier: A ship from
Bengarna is entering port!
Very impressive.
Not the most subtle, is it?
Princess Leona.
I've come, answering
your summons.
King Bengarna,
we specifically asked you
to travel with discretion.
A warship like this...
King Romos: And what
are those weapons?
King Bengarna:
They're tanks, King Romos.
This elite force is
the gem of my country.
Isn't that right, Akhim?
Sir! Bengarna's Tank
Brigade takes pride in being
the strongest army of
all the human kingdoms.
King Bengarna: It's all
about weapons, now.
Swords and magic are
nothing against a cannon.
This summit is
a war council on
strategies against
the Dark Army, isn't it?
So, where are the others?
Please, follow me.
I suppose even leaders of men
can't always be admirable.
Crocodine, I... I know this is
a bad time to ask, but we...
No need to worry.
I will defend Papnica.
I s'pose it also has them, too.
Okay, Popp.
Hold it. Just let
me rest a little.
Wow...
There she is;
Papnica Kingdom!
This is so embarrassing.
Our puny boat isn't going to
make for a very
impressive arrival.
I'm not gonna look anything
like a hero in this.
Be quiet - and listen!
We decided as a group to
change our criminal ways
and try to become a real
Hero's party, did we not?
Yeah, but...
Papnica's putting up a good
fight against the Dark Army
so this is our
opportunity to make it big!
If we help them win we'll get
to be real heroes, won't we?
All we need to do is
show up and fight a bit,
get our name out there,
and maybe make a bit of money!
Here we come, Papnica!
All: Let's go, team!
What's that?
[worried yells]
Landing... cancelled?
All: Yep, sounds great!
So, what? Has he started yet?
The same as before.
He tossed the Crown
into the furnace and
now he's just staring at
Dai's hand for some reason.
That's it? It's been
half a day already.
Who knows how
long this'll take.
So, um, Lon Beruk, sir...
Long ago, people and
their weapons were as one.
Warriors trained relentlessly
to be worthy of their blade.
And that weapon would need to be
equal with the wielder's skill.
Now they're all worthless.
All except for you...
I need you to show me what
it means to be worthy of
wielding the most
powerful weapon created.
I can try!
Lon: Jank, give me a hand.
This is going to be a big job.
It's about time.
You hear that?
What's up?
Lon has already started
forging like a madman.
I'm going to help him.
Know that it's best not
break his concentration.
According to him, this sword is
going to be like a living thing
bound specifically to your
little friend in there.
I can't imagine
it'll be anything like
making an ordinary weapon.
Oh, I get it. Interesting.
That's why he was
spending so much time
studying Dai's
hands in there.
Don't they say that a
"true weapon will
choose it's wielder"?
That's right.
You've got this,
then. Thanks dad.
I don't need you
to tell me that, boy!
Jank: What's wrong, miss?
Merle?!
Merle: I see it... I see it!
A giant shadow...
[worried breaths]
An awful...
Terrifying power...
At this rate, Papnica...
will fall - soon!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
King Romos: King
Bengarna, as we've said,
we must gather the
world's forces as one
if we want even a chance
of defeating the Dark Army.
That is the reason
we've all gathered here.
And my army will
lead the charge.
Now, everyone relax
and leave it to me.
Your Majesty,
my country Ringaia,
it was known as the great
"Fortress Kingdom."
And yet our capital
was destroyed.
Burnt to ground by the Dragon
Legion after only a week.
Yes, I'm well aware.
So you say.
Their power needs
to be witnessed
if you want to understand.
So forgive me, King, but the day
that they come to your gates?
You may wish for the
sake of your country
that you had done more to stop
them before it got that far.
King Bengarna: You
insult me, General Bowson.
Do you not understand
that my army is
the greatest to
have ever existed?!
Leona [thought]:
All the effort put into
getting everyone here...
This is going nowhere.
Observe! My cutting edge,
top-class warship...
My unstoppable Tank Brigade!
No matter what forces the Dark
Army may have, they can't...
[frightened breaths]
W-What is that thing?!
Th-That's... impossible!
What is that?!
I do not know.
I do not know,
but I do know one thing...
Papnica is finished!
It's the mighty
Sovereign Rock Castle.
Crocodine [thought]: So
Hyunckel's hypothesis was right.
Sovereign Rock Castle itself
is a walking fortress...
A giant Overfiend.
Even then... It's larger
than I thought possible.
This is bad!
A giant... A giant's
attacking the city!
Hold on.
How did something
that size get so close
without anyone noticing?
Well, there's a thick
mist covering the ocean.
A mist? You said mist?!
Could it be... Mystvearn?!
Mystvearn: Bengarna's ship...
Just as Hadlar suspected.
The world leaders are
gathered here in Papnica.
Pathetic ants
who defy King Vearn.
I'll smoke them out
and crush them.
[terrified screams]
W-What kind of titan is this?
Astounding...
It is beyond human
comprehension.
It is no coincidence that
they've chosen to attack today.
They knew about this meeting.
Akhim!
Take command of
the Tank Brigade.
The Army of Bengarna will
not be defeated so easily!
Akhim: Yes, your
Majesty. Right away!
King Bengarna, you
should not be reckless.
It has already destroyed a
warship with a single attack.
My tanks...
My tanks won't lose.
They'll blow that lump of rock
to smithereens - you'll see!
Follow me!
No, wait!
Crocodine: That's not just
some creature made of rocks...
It's the Sovereign Rock Castle.
The main fortress
of the Dark Army.
To face it head-on would
mean absolute destruction!
I have my orders.
Bengarna will prove
itself on the battlefield.
Win or lose, we must
display the courage
that may someday lead our
kingdoms to victory!
Out of the way!
Crocodine [thought]: While I did
not trust this man at first,
he has proven to be
loyal to his king.
I sense a warrior in him.
I cannot let him fail.
Baduck: Crocodine!
Crocodine: Baduck!
Sorry for the wait.
It's finally complete.
What perfect timing.
My Vortex Axe.
The life of this weapon
is in its Magical Jewel.
We're lucky it was undamaged...
So I've rebuilt the blade-
using only the best
Papnican Steel.
I call it... the Vortex
Axe Returns Mark Two!
This will give me... the
strength of a hundred soldiers.
Baduck: No, the
strength of a thousand!
You have my thanks, old man.
Baduck: We're counting on you.
I will join you posthaste!
It's no good.
I still can't
use the crystal ball
the way my Grandmother does.
That was enough.
We just needed a glimpse.
Something big is on its way.
We need to go - immediately!
Hold it!
Lon: Have you forgotten?
This sword is
being made for you.
It's being imbued with a
life force equal to yours.
This is no ordinary
weapon... It has a soul!
The sword will have...
its very own soul?
When this blade reaches
out to your soul...
When it sees you
as it's wielder...
It'll unleash the
greatest power of all.
That is why
you must stay here
and bear witness
to it's creation!
We're coming back.
Don't you think you can keep
working in the meantime?
A blade like this needs to hear
Dai's soul speak directly to it.
And without that voice
calling out to it,
this becomes merely
another weapon,
destined for mediocrity.
Lon is pouring his
life into creating it.
It must take godly strength
beyond our understanding
to be able to make
a sword like this one.
This is not a normal
forging process.
It's difficult
to use orichalcum.
But Papnica needs us-
you saw it.
Okay, then. Dai,
you'll stay here.
Wait here for your
sword to be finished.
We'll hold off the Dark
Army for as long as we can.
But, Popp, an enemy like that?
We need to work together to
even have a chance at winning!
Popp: And that's exactly
why you have to stay here.
They must have known that all
the human leaders were
going to be in the city.
So, we need this Hero's Sword
now more than ever before!
But, Popp...
The way you're acting
you'd think the rest of us
couldn't even buy
you a little time.
After all we've been through,
he should know better
than that, right, Maam?
Leave it to us.
Yes.
[cocky chuckle]
[happy chirp]
You guys...
Popp: So, that's the deal.
We'll keep those monsters busy.
Wait for my order!
Mystvearn: Hopeless fools.
And fire!
Keep firing.
Amazing!
Weigh anchor and fire again.
Aye!
Popp [thought]: That was pretty
cool what I said back there.
I guess I can't back down now
that I've said it, though...
Whatever that thing
is looked huge!
What am I even doing?!
I'm an idiot.
Chiu: It's official.
That guy is freaking
out, Miss Maam.
Are you really sure about him?
Honestly.
Maam: He's fine.
Every time I start to think
Popp is about to lose it,
he somehow gets
it under control.
It's actually kind
of incredible.
He's done this as long
as I've known him.
Yes.
No point chickening out.
Grab the bull by the horns.
Okay. Time to get going.
Right on!
And Dad, don't forget to be
useful to Lon Beruk, alright?
Can it!
You better not get
in everybody's way,
you little brat!
Just show 'em
what you're made of.
[awkward chuckle]
I will.
Hey, dad? Thank you.
Now, Zoom!
Stein: Honey...
Stein, I...
Our little Popp's gone
away again, hasn't he?
Yeah.
But I've... never seen that
kind of look in his eyes.
So much passion behind them.
He's gone into the world
and come back all grown up.
When he was a kid, I was
always worried that he'd be
a wimp, a quitter,
or something like that.
I remember when he
ran away from home-
we were so angry at that
Master Avan he went away with.
Jank: We should thank him.
He turned that little wimp
into a man, didn't he?
See that? Do you see?!
The power of Bengarna's Army!
[prideful laugh]
I'm telling you.
We can win this one.
Leona: Everyone, get back!
[pained groans]
King Bengarna: What the...
Popp, Maam!
Princess! We're here now-
where do you need us to go?
Down in the bay. But
how did you even know?!
Popp: Merle warned us,
so we hurried back
as fast as we could.
But where's Dai? I thought
you were all together?
Popp: He's busy making
the world's strongest sword!
It'll be ready any moment now.
But until the sword is
actually finished...
we have no choice
but to hold them off.
King Bengarna:
[patronizing laugh]
You can forget your
"world's strongest sword."
Who needs something
like that? Just look...
My Bengarna Tank Brigade will
soon blow that giant to pieces!
They won't. It'll defeat them.
W-What?! Don't be ridiculous.
Can't you see that
it's breaking apart,
dropping pieces
of rock everywhere?!
But behind all that smoke,
it's clear that
the monster's energy
still hasn't waned at all.
In fact...
Hold your fire, now!
Well, wait...
Akhim: There should
be nothing left.
Look out!
Abandon ship!
Akhim: How?!
[astonished groans]
A castle.
Mystvearn: [chuckling]
You fools.
You've spoiled your
own surprise, I see.
Sovereign Rock
Castle's true form.
Princess Leona of Papnica...
And the rest of the
world leaders in attendance...
I am Shadow Legion
Commander Mystvearn.
I serve the great
Dark King Vearn.
The Shadow Legion...
Mystvearn.
It is him. He's
come here himself.
Mystvearn: I have
one objective.
Yeah - what's it gonna be?
"Come put down your weapons
and beg for mercy,"
or something
pathetic like that?
Mystvearn: Perish!
Mystvearn: You are
all worthless.
Nothing more than
vermin to the Dark King.
There will be no surrender.
So. I will erase this kingdom,
then your entire species!
Narrator: While Dai waits for
his sword to be completed,
the Shadow Legion descends
from Sovereign Rock Castle.
The rest of the party
tries to fend them off,
but the enemy's
forces are endless.
Soon, Mystvearn
himself appears,
attacking with
his Dark Aura...
And the showdown for
Papnica's fate begins.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Master of Darkness
Against His Pupil".